[B]
Once upon a time, in a village far away, there was a little girl.
Whenever she would go out she would wear a red cloak, so everyone in the village called her Little Red Riding Hood.

One day Little Red Riding Hood asked her mummy if she could visit her grandma.
Thats a good idea, replied her mummy, you can take this basket of treats to her too.
When the basket was ready Little Red Riding Hood kissed her mummy goodbye.
Remember, go straight to Grandma's house and don't talk to strangers, warned mummy.
Don't worry mummy , said Little Red Riding Hood, I'll be careful. 
And with that, she set off.

However Little Red Riding Hood soon got distracted by some pretty flowers on the side of the road.
She was so distracted she didn't notice the dark shadow behind her.
Suddenly a big wolf appeared next to her.
What are you doing out here, little girl, the wolf asked in as freindly a voice he could.
I'm on my way to visit my Grandma who lives through the forest, Little Red Riding Hood replied.
Suddenly Little Red Riding Hood noticed the time, Oh no I'm going to be late, she shouting and started running down the road.
The wolf, however, was sneaky and took a shortcut.

The wolf, out of breath and huffing and puffing, arrived at Grandma's house first and knocked on the door.
TAP TAP TAP.
Oh thank goodness, said Grandma, I thought you had gotten lost.
However it wasn't Little Red Riding Hood at the door, instead the big wolf came into the house.
And before Grandma could even scream the wolf had swallowed her whole.
The wolf put on some of Grandma's clothes and climbed into bed, and awaited Little Red Riding Hood.

Tap Tap Tap, went the door.
Grandma, its me Little Red, called Little Red Riding Hood.
Oh how lovely, do come in deary, croaked the wolf.
When Little Red Riding Hood entered the house she could hardly recognise her Grandma.
Grandma, are you sick, you sound different, asked Little Red Riding Hood
Oh I must have caught a cold, squeaked the wolf, adding a cough for good measure.

But Grandma, what big ears you have, said Little Red Riding Hood as she came closer to the bed.
All the better to hear you with, replied the wolf.
And what big eyes you have, said Little Red Riding Hood.
All the better to see you with, replied the wolf.
And what big teeth you have, wimpered Little Red Riding Hood.
All the better to eat you with, roared the wolf.
Suddenly the wolf jumped out of bed and chased after Little Red Riding Hood.

Help, help, theres a wolf, shouted Little Red Riding Hood.
Luckily a nearby policeman heard the cries and ran toward the house.
He grabbed the wolf and make him spit out poor Grandma.
Oh Grandma, I was so scared, sobbed Little Red Riding Hood, I promise I'll never speak to strangers again.
There there deary, you've learned an important lesson, its a good thing this nice policeman was nearby to help.

The policeman then took the wolf to prison while Grandma and Little Red Riding Hood enjoyed their basket of treats.
The End.