[B]
Once upon a time, in a quiet little town, there lived three little pigs.
One day the pigs decided it was time to leave their mother's home.
Off they went to build homes of their own.

The first little pig decided to build his house out of straw.
In no time at all the little pig had built his house.
Then he sat down to eat his lunch and had a nap.
Shortly the little pig was awoken by an angry knock at the door.
TAP TAP TAP.
It was a big bad wolf.
Little pig, little pig, let me in, said the hungry wolf.
Not by the hairs of my chinny chin chin, said the frightened little pig.
Then I'll huff, and I'll puff, and I'll blow your house in, growled the wolf.
As the wolf inhaled deeply, his lungs filled like two balloons.
WHOOSH!
The wolf exhaled with such force he blew the house of straw into a haystack.
The little pig was blown down the road to his sister's house.

The second little pig decided to build her house out of sticks.
She had just finished the roof when her brother ran to the door.
The little pig trembled as he told his sister about the wolf.
Do not worry little brother, said the second little pig.
Sticks are stronger than straw, lets go inside for a nice cup of tea.
The little pigs were enjoying their tea when they heard a knock at the door.
TAP TAP TAP.
little pigs, little pigs, let me in, said the hungry wolf.
Not by the hairs of our chinny chin chins, answered the little pigs.
Then I'll huff, and I'll puff, and I'll blow your house in, snarled the wolf.
And once again the wold took a deep breath.
And when he exhaled.
WHOOSH!
The wolf blew the house away and the poor little pigs rolled down the hill, like two pink balls.

The third little pig had built his house out of bricks.
And as he was just making the finishing touches the other little pigs rolled onto his doorstep.
The little pigs sobbed as they told their oldest brother about the big bad wolf.
No wolf will blow this house in, said the third little pig.
Come inside and have a seat, you'll feel better.
TAP TAP TAP, went the door.
little pigs, little pigs, let me in, said the hungry wolf.
Not by the hairs of our chinny chin chins, answered the little pigs.
Then I'll huff, and I'll puff, and I'll blow your house in, roared the wolf.
And the wolf huffed, and the wolf puffed.
He huffed and puffed, puffed and huffed and then.
The wolf fell over.
No matter how hard the wolf tried he could not move the house of bricks.
The three little pigs called the wolf an ambulance to take him away.
Soon after the younger little pigs also built new houses out of bricks.
And they all lived happily ever after.
The End.